(RUN)

The pounding in my chest echoed the pounding in my ears as I fired again and again.  The bullets landed harmlessly to the side of the policeman's arms as he came closer.  So fast!  How could such a big man move so quickly.  I don't understand, but there's no time to think. 

I turn my back to the pursuing officer and continue to flee, clutching an old book in my left hand.  Whipping around a corner, I almost smash into an elderly lady carrying a newspaper but manage to keep myself on my feet.  Her face shifts from anger to fear almost instantly when she notices the flash of the gun in my other hand.  

"Outta my way woman," I yell with a snear and move past.  

He's gaining on me, I know.  I'm slowing down, running into old women like a rank amatuer.  It only a matter of time before I slip or trip or fall.  Then he'll be on me.  

I run across another stretch of street and duck behind a hotdog vendor's stand.  All it takes is a wave of my gun and the stand owner backs away.  I face back from where I came and aim my gun right at the corner, hoping to catch the officer when he comes around the corner.  

The sweat is dripping down my head as I wait.  Ten, twenty, thirty seconds now.  He's not coming.  He must have gone another way.  I know I need to keep moving but I don't want to stand up, exposed, when he could be moments from bursting around the corner.  

All of the sudden a gunshot erupts from behind me and a stove pan from the stand falls to the ground next to my feet.  

"Damn," I think to myself.  "Must've called for backup."

In a flash, I lay down on my back and aimed my gun over my feet, back at the second officer.  He hadn't taken the time to find cover, thinking he could catch me off guard from behind.  It probably should have worked too, if he wasn't such a terrible shot.  

Two quick pops came from my gun and a red mist exploded from the officer's chest followed by another one in his right arm.  His gun fell to the ground at the same time he let out a screech of pain.

"Don't shoot at somebody and not expect to get shot back," I think.  Stupid pigs.  

I get back into a crouch behind the stand and look back to the corner I was ambushing before.  I see the shade of blue only New York's finest wear for a brief instant before it ducks back behind the corner for cover.

"He won't come out," I think.  "He followed me boldly enough before but now that his comrade has fallen, I'd bet he has lost his stomach for the chase."

I need to work on my Plan B, though.  The job had gone well enough, but moments before I reached the pick-up point an alarm had sounded and the gate had crashed down before me.  Only my quick thinking and resourcefulness had even allowed me to escape the building at that point.  Since then, the escape has continued on foot with me leading the way through alleyways and busy streets.  

But my ruse is over and cover blown.  Nearly all police chases end in distaster for the chasee.  I get to my feet and sprint away from the vendor's stand, hoping the remaining officer doesn't choose this time to peek around the corner.  After a few moments I am around another corner running down an empty alleyway.  From the looks of the buildings surrounding me, it is a residential neighborhood.  A fire escape is visible on each side of the street, and suddenly an idea strikes me.  

Sprinting as fast as I can, I run directly towards the nearest fire escape, with its ladder dangling down below it.  Moments before I reach the ladder, I return my fire arm to a holster strapped under my jacket, put the book in my left coat pocket, and leap into the air with all my energy I can muster.  I hold my hands out above me and somehow manage to grab the rungs of the ladder, and pull myself up.  Only when I am fully on the fire escape do I take a moment to look behind me.  Excellent!  No sign of the officer yet.  

I start moving up the stairs as quickly as I can, taking the steps two and three at a time.  After going up two stories, I find a window that is half-way open.  I grab the underside of the window and shove it open all the way, and climb inside.  

A shocked young man greets me as I crawl through the window.  

"You can't come in here," he yells.  "Get the fuck out!"

Before he can say another word, my arm swings back around and smashes him in the face.  It only takes a moment for him to realize that I am not to be trifled with.  

"Oh shit fuck," he says with a new sense of fear as he holds his bloody nose.

"That's better,"  I say and open my coat jacket, revealing the gun inside.  "You say another word and I'll do even worse."

He raises both of his arms and wraps them around his head, curling up into a little ball on the floor.  That's better.

I can hear shouts from the street below, but I don't dare look out the window.  There's a chance somebody saw where I went, but I might have been lucky and don't want to throw that away.  